I
I got face rec I envy you no worries no
responsibilities oh that's a laugh
sometimes I wish I had just one day to
feel like a real ogre again well why
didn't you say so magical transactions
are my special take all right what's the
catch you gotta give a date get a day
that's all just sign it and by the time
this day is up you are gonna feel like a
changed odor
so what happens now have a nice day
Oh No all right rumble this wasn't part
of the deal silly little ogre
everything's changed I'm King now this
little big to go home
I've never seen you before in my life
it's me your best friend hey I'm get
that battery so come Fiona I'm so happy
I found you where do we find that guy
haha push feed me if you dare fractures
to the test with the owner by Sunrise
it's the inline admire this may tonight
we attack welcome to the resistance I
didn't know we could do that prepare for
the final chapter get it licked it and
hold on
for the greatest Shrek adventure ever
to the rescue I gotta like Saturday done
great dreamer shrek forever after in 3d
hey donkey can I borrow your tongue hey
what uh uh no hair okay how big ass get
play it's not going down
all da write the final chapter in a 21st